All right guys so we have the news grid files.
We have them in a repository on GitHub dot com.
So now we can deploy it in that lo fi in literally seconds or minutes in in our case because I'm going
to be explaining some things but you'll see how simple it is if we go to our panel here and that lo
fi panel which is very simple we could just say new site from get.
And we have different providers here we used GitHub so we're gonna click on github and you might get
a little box set that asks you to vote to authorize your GitHub account so that nettled Fi can access
your repositories and then you're going to see all your repositories down here and you can see I have
quite a few.
So I'm going to search for news grid
and if if you just created a get hub account and did and follow the instructions you'll just have this
one repository.
So we're gonna choose that we're gonna choose the master branch it's the only branch we have.
And then we don't need a build command or published directory because everything is in the root.
So we're gonna just say deploy site and you can see this little gears spinning should only take a couple
seconds.
And now our site is deployed.
OK.
So it's as easy as that to actually get your Web site live on the Internet.
Now the domain as you can see right here is something.
It's gonna be different than this but it's going to be something crazy.
Mine is optimistic fe fe in men and then some numbers dot net lo fi dot com.
So let's go ahead and open this up in a new tab and there's our Web site.
So deployment is that easy with nullify.
Now the domain we're gonna take care of that.
Don't worry about it.
But what I want to do is I want to make this form work.
OK so I'm going to search for Natalya Phi forms and this is documentation page here.
We'll show us what we have to do we have to add method post to our form tag and data nullify equals
true.
And then just make sure we have a name attribute on on each field which we only have an email field.
Now we've already deployed our our pushed our repository to github and deployed our Web site.
But we need to make a change.
OK.
So whenever you need to make a change you need to push your need to update your repository and push
to get hub.
And then it should automatically update on the site.
So let's do that let's go to C and it's going to minimize this and I'm going to open up our news grid
Web site in V.S. code
and make that bigger.
And we just closed this stuff up so let's see we have our news good Web site open and the form is on
every page.
So we're just going to have to go to each of the three each him all pages.
Let's go down to our form and let's add a method of post and we just say data dash network Phi equals
true.
And then the input of this email input we want to give a name of IMAP.
All right let me just make sure that that's correct.
So we did data and nullify equals true method POST.
Let's give it a name as well.
So we'll say where is it form.
Name equals call it contact.
All right.
So that should do it.
Let's save.
And then let's take this whole form and go to about Dot each symbol because obviously we wanted to work
on all pages so we'll paste that in here and then let's go to Article dot each team out to the footer
and do the same thing.
OK.
So now that we've updated that we're going to go back into our terminal and make sure you're in the
news grid folder as you can see I am and we need to go get add all.
So it's going to add anything that that has been changed is now in the staging area.
So now we need to commit.
Once again I'm going to say get commit.
Dash M and then I'm going to say updated form.
OK.
So we're going to commit that you can see three files changed and now we need to push to get hub.
Now we've already added it as a remote repository and all we have to do now to push our changes is simply
get push.
All right.
So just doing that should go ahead and update our repository.
It says one commit.
If I reload now we have to commits and if we look at one of these each time all files we should see
the changes.
So let's go down to the form and there it is.
So there's what we added.
Let's go to our Web site nullify site and reload and let's take a look at the source code.
So I did.
I'm on a max I did command option you.
And if we go down you can see that the form now this it's going to look different than what we actually
uploaded.
So it has a method of post.
You can see the name is contact.
What it does though is it puts a hidden value in here.
OK.
So basically now the fi needs this to to process the form but it has changed.
Maybe we should change something else just so I could prove it to you but it is there it should work.
So let's try it out.
Let's go down to the e-mail and let's say test.
We'll just do test at test dot com and subscribe and look at that nullify actually gives us a success
page.
We don't even have to deal with that.
And then we can just go back to our site.
Now if we go back to notify and we go down we go to overview right here you can see recent form submissions
and we have test at test dot com.
If I click on that it's going to show us the e-mail field in any other fields we have if we had you
know name and address and all that stuff that would also show here.
OK we can delete these so we can manage all of our submissions from here we can also download them as
CSP file.
All right.
So really really cool service.
Definitely recommend it.
Now the next thing I want to do is I want to set up a custom domain.
OK.
So in the next video I'm going to show you how we can register a domain name from name cheap and we
can basically link it to our net low fi Web site.